update docs to refer to the `compiler/` move (#846)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/compiler-src.md

> top-level directory has separate directories for the compiler, build-system,
> std libs, etc, rather than one huge `src/` directory.
>
> As of this writing, the std libs have been moved to `library/` and the crates

> > that makes up the literal `rustc` compiler have been moved to `compiler/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> that make up the `rustc` compiler itself have been moved to `compiler/`
```
